{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 To whom it may concern,\
\
IMPORTANT: The project uses free API keys from spoonacular. Given the limitation of request (per key per day), we have left 5 working keys in the "RecipeManager.swift" file that \
\
can be switched by uncommenting one and commenting out another (Between lines 16 and 20 in RecipeManager.swift (in the "Model" folder in the project). \
This readme file outlines general use practices of our prototype. All features currently implemented are working and fully functional, if not entirely obvious at first glance. \
\
The home page displays a number of suggested recipes for you to choose from and select. The recipes page contains a list of all recipes, which you can select, and has a number of organisational options to demonstrate the parsing of stored json data. The favourites page will provide a list of recipes that you have currently favourited, and can be selected. The ingredients page displays a list of ingredients that are required to create your favourited recipes, and is very useful as a shopping list. The more page provides access to many toggleable settings and the student profile page.\
\
The suggested region feature will show the region of the user at the top of the search list, if they are in a country that is supported by the app. Australia is not part of any supported regions, so in order to test this feature the location of the device must be changed in the simulator's debug menu. \
\
The recipe page will allow you to transition into a step by step breakdown of the recipe, or return to your original location. You can also favourite the recipe, adding it to your favourites list app wide.\
\
I hope you enjoy testing and exploring our work!}